Minor clarification (#25064)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/versions/selection.md

### Precedence

> Roll forward behavior is set by the following order when your app is run, higher numbered items taking precedent over lower numbered items:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roll forward behavior is set by the following order when your app is run, higher numbered items taking precedence over lower numbered items:
```

> Roll forward behavior is set by the following order when your app is run, higher numbered items taking precedence over lower numbered items:

Reviewer: Since you've built precedence info into the step descriptions themselves, you could also shorten the intro:
```suggestion
Roll forward behavior is determined by the following procedure when your app is run:
```

> 01. First the `*.runtimeconfig.json` config file is evaluated.

Reviewer 2: So the precedence is actually the opposite of this order. I think this might be confusing because you might think that item 1 takes highest precedence.
